Italy requests esm bailout as banking
system near collapse you came here for
the news so let me unveil that for you
US stocks jumped to another record high
including the SNP 500 and the Dow Jones
telecoms and property stocks fueled this
rally biotech stocks dropped on Trump's
word of his opposition to high drug
prices oil fell below fifty dollars a
barrel a significant number industrial
metals also fell including copper gold
rose to eleven hundred and seventy seven
dollars an ounce bonds and treasuries
rose in the euro area and one
significant point to mention is that
Italy's failing banks may get a bailout
after Italy asked they requested for a
15 billion dollar euro esm loan if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up and check out more free
information a free e-course free ebooks
and tons of other information at the
money gps com